---
title: "VIDEO: Revolutionizing Underground Mapping: An Interview with Exodigo Founder Jeremy Suard"
slug: video-revolutionizing-underground-mapping-an-interview-with-exodigo-founder-jeremy-suard
date: 2024-07-21
author: "Raz Mangel"
cover_image: "https://cdn.prod.website-files.com/66fa660f46b01edefb1e5fa6/67069360cfe69704a4e91c36_669cca1e662291140c4b8c56_Growth%2520Stories%2520with%2520Exodigo%2520-%2520YT%2520Thumbnail.avif"
excerpt: "Join Partner Raz Mangel as he dives into the journey of building Exodigo with CEO & Co-Founder Jeremy Suard."
category: Insights
draft: false
---

<blockquote id=""><strong id="">"Combining AI with multi-sensing technology is our breakthrough; no one else is doing this, and it sets Exodigo apart."</strong> </blockquote><p id="">– Jeremy Suard, CEO &amp; Co-founder of Exodigo.</p><p id="">‍</p><p id="">Join Partner Raz Mangel as he dives into the journey of building Exodigo with CEO &amp; Co-Founder Jeremy Suard.</p><p id="">Watch Jeremy outline his plan for making Exodigo the industry standard to underground mapping in the first installment of Growth Stories with Exodigo here:</p><figure id="" class="w-richtext-figure-type-video w-richtext-align-fullwidth" style="padding-bottom:56.206088992974244%" data-rt-type="video" data-rt-align="fullwidth" data-rt-max-width="" data-rt-max-height="56.206088992974244%" data-rt-dimensions="854:480" data-page-url="https://youtu.be/KdSntKyFzqo"><div id=""><iframe allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/KdSntKyFzqo"></iframe></div></figure><p id="">‍</p><h2 id="">Video Transcript</h2><p id=""><strong id="">Raz:</strong> </p><p id="">So I'm really happy to be here together with Jeremy Suard, CEO and Co-founder of Exodigo in Exodigo's offices and we'll soon dive into what they do and Jeremy's vision. &nbsp;</p><p id="">But, Jeremy, before we dive in, can you share your background and a little bit about Exodigo? </p><p id=""><strong id="">Jeremy:</strong> </p><p id="">I'm Jeremy. I was born in France, I came to Israel when I was 15 years old, and I studied physics and computer science before my Army service in the Atueda program at the Hebrew University. I then enlisted in Unit 81 and served for eight years. </p><p id="">There I was leading numerous teams of AI and special operations. And then I decided I wanted to do a startup. So I sat in the garage with my friends and went to races and since then I'm in Exodigo. </p><p id=""><strong id="">Raz:</strong> </p><p id="">Amazing. So I would like you to share a little bit about building Exodigo, about your vision, but maybe first start with how Exodigo transitioned to an actual idea. </p><p id="">How did you think about it and why did you think that revolutionizing the infrastructure and utilities industry is a good idea? </p><p id=""><strong id="">Jeremy:</strong> </p><p id="">We wanted to originally build a medical device that has an MRI or CT scan and an ultrasound. And then when we researched the medical field, we understood it's too challenging. </p><p id="">An oil and gas company reached out to me and asked if we could discover oil and gas better with the same concept of missing signals. </p><p id="">We then started researching the underground areas. And then I heard, 'can't you discover pipes and cables?’ I understood that nobody knows where pipes and cables are. And that's when it hit us. When we got that, that the world does not know where pipes are buried, we understood straight away. It's the first easy product we needed to enter the market with. &nbsp;</p><p id=""><strong id="">Raz:</strong> </p><p id="">And what really sets you guys apart from other companies who try to do something similar or are trying to do something similar? What's the unique piece of technology, the breakthrough you guys thought about and invented? </p><p id=""><strong id="">Jeremy:</strong> </p><p id="">It's two things. It's AI combined with multi-sensing, which means no one does that. No one does multi-sensing. </p><p id="">It's all hardware companies. They're building one sensor and selling it to a service company. It's like the MRI technician and the ultrasound technician. And then no one does AI, not even on one of those sensors, let alone on all of them combined. I would say that's our core IP. &nbsp;</p><p id=""><strong id="">Raz:</strong> </p><p id="">Tell us a little bit, how do you envision Exodigo impacting this industry, that is, not really their core technology and takes time to adopt new technologies? How do you think the market will be in the next three to five years? </p><p id=""><strong id="">Jeremy:</strong> </p><p id="">I think we can become the standard for underground mapping, both in utilities and geo-tech. Once they see how it affects their projects, it's just going to be a no-brainer to choose Exodigo. </p><p id="">For the taxpayers who are paying for the project, for the environment, for way less digging. I think it's just a no -brainer standard for the industry. &nbsp;</p><p id=""><strong id="">Raz:</strong> </p><p id="">What's the next big milestone for Exodigo? What are you preparing to achieve in the next year or two? </p><p id=""><strong id="">Jeremy:</strong> </p><p id="">I think there's two things. One is transitioning the operation to third parties, which we call the Exopod, having our kit being able to be handled by almost anyone. </p><p id="">The next thing is to bring to market the geotech product, which we call Exoterra, which will will tell things about the ground itself, not just utilities. </p><p id="">---</p><h3 id="">About Exodigo</h3><p id=""><a href="https://www.exodigo.com/" target="_blank" id="">Exodigo</a> is the leading underground mapping solution for non-intrusive discovery. Their platforms combine multi-sensor fusion, 3D imaging, and AI technologies to create complete, accurate underground maps that enable confident decision-making for customers across the built world. Exodigo transforms the project lifecycle for customers, who include key community stakeholders in the utilities, transportation and government sectors. &nbsp;</p><p id="">Founded by former elite Israeli intelligence officers in Tel Aviv, Exodigo is now headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area and distributed across the globe with operations in North America, Europe, and the Middle East. Exodigo combines advanced AI and signal processing experience with a deep understanding of their markets, commitment to their mission, and partnerships with industry leaders.</p>
